RS: Node actions in the CM UI (#554)
redis/docs: content/operate/rs/clusters/add-node.md

If you see an error when you add the node, try adding the node again.

## Verify node

We recommend that you verify the node is functioning properly using one of the following methods:

> - On the Cluster Manager UI's **Nodes** screen, click {{< image filename="/images/rs/buttons/button-toggle-actions-vertical.png#no-click" alt="More actions button" width="22px" class="inline" >}} for the node you want to verify, then select **Verify node** from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On the **Nodes** screen of the Cluster Manager UI, click {{< image filename="/images/rs/buttons/button-toggle-actions-vertical.png#no-click" alt="More actions button" width="22px" class="inline" >}} for the node you want to verify, then select **Verify node** from the list.
```
